
Workflow
1.Question or problem definition.
2.Acquire training and testing data.
3.Wrangle, prepare, cleanse the data.
4.Analyze, identify patterns, and explore the data.
5.Model, predict and solve the problem.
6.Visualize, report, and present the problem solving steps and final solution.
7.Supply or submit the results.


Workflow goals
The data science solutions workflow solves for seven major goals.
1.Classifying. We may want to classify or categorize our samples. We may also want to understand the implications or correlation of different classes with our solution goal.
2.Correlating. One can approach the problem based on available features within the training dataset. Which features within the dataset contribute significantly to our solution goal? Statistically speaking is there a correlation among a feature and solution goal? As the feature values change does the solution state change as well, and visa-versa? This can be tested both for numerical and categorical features in the given dataset. We may also want to determine correlation among features other than survival for subsequent goals and workflow stages. Correlating certain features may help in creating, completing, or correcting features.
3.Converting. For modeling stage, one needs to prepare the data. Depending on the choice of model algorithm one may require all features to be converted to numerical equivalent values. So for instance converting text categorical values to numeric values.
4.Completing. Data preparation may also require us to estimate any missing values within a feature. Model algorithms may work best when there are no missing values.
5.Correcting. We may also analyze the given training dataset for errors or possibly innacurate values within features and try to corrent these values or exclude the samples containing the errors. One way to do this is to detect any outliers among our samples or features. We may also completely discard a feature if it is not contribting to the analysis or may significantly skew the results.
6.Creating. Can we create new features based on an existing feature or a set of features, such that the new feature follows the correlation, conversion, completeness goals.
7.Charting. How to select the right visualization plots and charts depending on nature of the data and the solution goals.

Correlating.

We want to know how well does each feature correlate with Survival. We want to do this early in our project and match these quick correlations with modelled correlations later in the project.

Completing.

We may want to complete Age feature as it is definitely correlated to survival.
We may want to complete the Embarked feature as it may also correlate with survival or another important feature.
Correcting.

Ticket feature may be dropped from our analysis as it contains high ratio of duplicates (22%) and there may not be a correlation between Ticket and survival.
Cabin feature may be dropped as it is highly incomplete or contains many null values both in training and test dataset.
PassengerId may be dropped from training dataset as it does not contribute to survival.
Name feature is relatively non-standard, may not contribute directly to survival, so maybe dropped.
Creating.

We may want to create a new feature called Family based on Parch and SibSp to get total count of family members on board.
We may want to engineer the Name feature to extract Title as a new feature.
We may want to create new feature for Age bands. This turns a continous numerical feature into an ordinal categorical feature.
We may also want to create a Fare range feature if it helps our analysis.
Classifying.

We may also add to our assumptions based on the problem description noted earlier.

1.Women (Sex=female) were more likely to have survived.
2.Children (Age<?) were more likely to have survived.
3.The upper-class passengers (Pclass=1) were more likely to have survived.
